Exception is raised when using dependent: :restrict_with_error (#47290)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   `ActiveRecord::RecordNotDestroyed` not raised anymore when using `dependent: :restrict with error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `ActiveRecord::RecordNotDestroyed` is no longer raised when using `dependent: :restrict_with_error`.
```
